Update environment-variables.md - Round #1 (#14)
SymfonyCasts/symfony7: sfcasts/environment-variables.md

# Environment Variables

> Environment variables are configs that differ depending on the environment we're developing in, like `dev` and `prod`. The most common example of this is the database connection info. We can set *real* environment variables in our operating system, and while many cloud hosting platforms make it super easy to set these variables, it's not the easiest thing to do locally. Symfony also has this `.env` file which helps make life easy, *especially* during the development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables are configs that differ depending on the environment we're developing in, like locally vs production. The most common example of this is the database connection info. We can set *real* environment variables in our operating system, and while many cloud hosting platforms make it super easy to set these variables, it's not the easiest thing to do locally. Symfony also has this `.env` file which helps make life easy, *especially* during the development.
```

Okay, here's the plan: We want our `iss_location_cache_ttl` value to be different *locally* versus on production. In our `prod` environment, we want our cache to last *longer* than the 5 second refresh per minute that we have now. The easiest way to do this would be to create a *custom* environment variable and set it to different value for each environment - `dev` and `prod`.

In our `.env` file, down here, say `ISS_LOCATION_CACHE_TTL` in all uppercase letters, which is standard for environment variables. Let's set this to `5` by default. Now, over in `services.yaml`, we're going to keep the `iss_location_cache_ttl` parameter, but instead of `5`, let's set it to the environment variable we just created. To do that, we need to leverage a special syntax. Say `'%env()'` and select our new `ISS_LOCATION_CACHE_TTL` environment variable. Nice!

> To debug this, in `/src/Controller/MainController.php`, find `homepage()`. Inside *that*, below `Response`, let's `dd($this->getParameter())` and add `iss_location_cache_ttl`. Back at the browser, refresh. There's `5`, and it's subtle, but you may have noticed that this value is a string right now. All environment variables are just simple strings by default, but Symfony has a way to *typecast* them to a *different* type. They're called "environment variable processors", and one of them can help us typecast this to an integer instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug this, in `/src/Controller/MainController.php`, find `homepage()`. Inside *that*, below `Response`, let's `dd($this->getParameter())` and add `iss_location_cache_ttl`. Back at the browser, refresh. There's `5`, and it's subtle, but you may have noticed that this value is a string right now. All environment variable values are just simple strings by default, but Symfony has a way to *typecast* them to a *different* type. They're called "environment variable processors", and one of them can help us typecast this to an integer instead.
```

Back in our code, open `services.yaml`. Before the environment variable, add `int:`. If we go refresh... now we have a real integer `5`. If we were deploying this project to production, we'd probably want to set this `ISS_LOCATION_CACHE_TTL` variable to something a little longer, like `60`, so it will cache the data for *1 minute* instead of 5 seconds. The shorter time frame is just more practical while we're testing things out.

> While we're here, I want to talk about some *other* `.env` files. *This* `.env` file is committed to Git, and as you see here, when I make changes to it, those changes are unstaged. So if you have some *secrets* that you don't want to commit to your Git repository, like sensitive user info, you can create a *different* file - `.env.local`. This one is *ignored* by Git, which we can see in our `.gitignore` file. Any sensitive info can be stored here and it won't be committed to the repository. We could, for example, move this `APP_SECRET` environment variable into our `.env.local` file. Inside our `.env` file, we can keep this empty or set it to some fake value. It's generally good practice to keep the environment variable in the `.env` file and keep our actual secrets in `.env.local`, but we could do it this way and it would still work. This was just an example, so we can change this back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we're here, I want to talk about some *other* `.env` files. *This* `.env` file is committed to Git, and as you see here, when I make changes to it, those changes are unstaged. So if you have some *secrets* that you don't want to commit to your Git repository, like sensitive tokens, passwords, etc, you can create a *different* file - `.env.local`. This one is *ignored* by Git, which we can see in our `.gitignore` file. Any sensitive info can be stored here and it won't be committed to the repository. We could, for example, move this `APP_SECRET` environment variable into our `.env.local` file. Inside our `.env` file, we can keep this empty or set it to some fake value. It's generally good practice to still keep the environment variables in the `.env` so that other developers can see them and set real secrets for them in .env.local too. This was just an example, so we can change this back.
```

> Along with these two files, there's also the less commonly used `.env.test` and `.env.prod`. Those are only loaded in the dev and prod environments respectively. We also have a handy command to debug environment variables. At your terminal, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with these two files, there's also the less commonly used `.env.test` and `.env.prod`. Those are only loaded in the `dev` and `prod` environments respectively. We also have a handy command to debug environment variables. At your terminal, run:
```
